A billion.
I guess it's dawn today
What did I do?
Thousands of uncles mixed up
Don't touch me. I'm a liar.
What does demon god mean?
If it weren't for you, it was me who sowed discord
How could I possibly divorce him?
You have been incognito for so many years
It was all because of him
Hey
Jinxi, I was wrong.
I mistook Yun Mo for a pearl and let you down
Please forgive me.
I'm sorry.
Jinxi, I was wrong, I was wrong, I was wrong.
As long as you forgive me
I promise to remarry you immediately
I will compensate you well in the future.
Jinxi
I was blind to support your loyalty
Do you think I'll still be your ghost talk?
Mr. Ye
Gu Jinxi is already my wife
What are you?
Don't think I don't know
You just like his money.
Put away your dirty thoughts
The most important thing for me, Shen Yanzhen, is money
Just keep blowing
You are a little white face who comes out to sell
Now hold on to him
Just because you know he earns 1 billion
You rushed to stick it on his face
You are a beautiful clown
You oops
Are you mistaken?
You two are going to quarrel outside
Miss Chen Xin
Let's talk about cooperation
Boss Yu will not cooperate with you.